Gem Butterfly 1.0

Currently for 1.20.1 and requires Quark.  The theme is rainbows and crystals, and the design is somewhat pagoda-like.  The main blocks are deepslate and birch wood.  The buildings are medium-sized and standalone, though a few buildings have "row" variants with matching sides that can be connected together like a strip mall in any order/combination.  The balance is meant to be similar to default styles.

---

Tips

Because corundum is so rare and the odds of getting every color in a reasonable timeframe is so low, the supply camp and ship start with some free blocks for making a corundum farm.  If you prefer to start without that help, use the supply ship/camp from another set based around birch wood.

The town hall's 6 side rooms are full of air placeholders at all levels, making them safe to use as an early game player house.  Tier 1 has torches above the doors, but 2+ have placeholders there too so you can change the lighting.

Warehouse Rack Amount = 32 / 64 / 96 / 128 / 172

Graveyard Grave Amount = 10 / 20 / 30 / 40 / 50

The nether portal deco is Tier 0 of the nether mine

The largest buildings (town hall, mystic site, barracks) are 35x35 max, and the smaller ones are often within 15x35 or 15x15, making it relatively easy to keep to a grid.

	Up to 35x35
Town Hall		barracks		mystic site		 

	Up to 15x35
flower shop		fisher			warehouse
library			school			university
restaraunt		nether mine		miner
tavern			archery			combat academy
enchanter
houses: orange, pink
a row of 3 larger row buildings (builder, hospital, dyer) plus rowend decos
a row of 2x5 courierrow plus rowend decos

	Up to 15x15	
crop field		farm			apiary			
concrete		dyer			fletcher
glassblower		mechanic		sawmill
sifter			stonemason		blacksmith
smallpark		builder			hospital
alchemist		graveyard		plantation
all plantation fields
houses: green, magenta

	Up to 15x11
composter		chickens		cows
pigs			rabbit			sheep
forester		bakery			cookery
crusher			stonesmeltery
metalsmeltery		courier			all guard towers
all "row" buildings (Builder, Dyer, Hospital, Courier) if built solo

